# ChildcareCosts
Childcare costs are a topic that affects anyone who has had or is having a child and will be an expense that is necessary for that family. Within this paper, I have been given a dataset for childcare costs that had us create our own story. You will be able to follow my thought processes, my analysis of the data, and what I feel should be the goal of this data. After finding the goals and discovering what would be beneficial to try and find with this data, three mediums needed to be created for a full presentation on what this data will want to showcase, with audiences for each of those mediums.
# Summary of Analysis
### Findings
Within the datasheet we have been given, it was a very interesting analysis on data from counties centralized for different states. This was a very interesting exercise for me to compare the differences between my own county and my fiancé, where I grew up in West Virginia and they grew up in California. For a quick analysis and coverage of the data, although it does cover childcare costs and similar fields for children costs, it was interesting to see the percentages of employment rates and earnings. 
### Assumptions
Regardless of area, the median price of family childcare across the board is going in an upwards direction. There are dips in specific areas for pricing, but mainly the pricing has gone upwards. I would love to see the differences between counties with a larger number of households, as with the comparisons I was able to find, larger number of households, which would mean a higher population, was more expensive in comparison to ones with a lower population. It would be interesting to try and make the connection between the two within this data. 
# Items For Clarification
Within this document, it still would be great to try and determine how each value can be separated from one another. For places with values that are not in line with others, how can they be determined by the cause or how it was lowered. It will also be interesting to see the percentage of race, where prices have gone up or down when the percentage of white households have gone down. There is a lot to discover with the information we have been given, and a lot of ways to present data that can be presented within this information.
# Direction of Story
For the story that I want to tell within this data, I would love to show that prices for childcare have increased across the board regardless of income rate. There should be a policy put into place when it comes to how much childcare should cost for a household, and that regardless of household income, the percentage of the income that is used for childcare is rising at a rate higher than others.
# Target Audience
The target audience for this type of information should be the public. It is hard to try and put down exactly what would be the best way to present the ideas you are wanting to showcase, but with the public, you can have multiple types of mediums with different views and how they can be presented. This can come as a showcase to those who want to have children, those who have children, and those who are expecting. We can showcase the information through our different mediums to have more and less information than others.
# Mediums
The first medium for this assignment is a blog post. Within this blog post, it contains all necessary information for the viewer to get a full understanding of the plot, my goals and visions, and every graph that helps with my call to action. The reason for this is simple – for the other two mediums, I am having it aimed at the audience of quick media. With this audience, we want to be able to hook them to something to put their mind to and have them follow a link. Within this link, it will include every tidbit of information that would be useful or important to the viewer to know.
The next medium is a TikTok video, YouTube short, Instagram reel, and Facebook story. This, I will refer to as just a “TikTok”. This is a short, 9:16 Aspect Ratio video for the viewer to get a quick and easy message across to them – Childcare costs are rising, and action is needed now. Within this post, it will have a link to the main blog post mentioned above.
The last medium is a billboard. Within this billboard, I would like for the passerby to get information on my topic and call to action and get information quickly. This also includes text for what I am trying to gain from displaying a graph such as childcare costs, and a small little personification for the viewer to know where to go to help with that. In my billboard, I have my blog name, which right now, is just JLeeperBU.
# Design Decisions
Within the blog post, this one is just a word document featuring graphs, sections, and easy readability for the general audience to be able to digest the information. With a blog post, it is easy to get an audience to understand your goal from a blog post and is easily shareable. With eye-catching designs with base and bold colors, it makes the user understand the situation that this is something important, but the vision can easily be their vision too.
For the TikTok, this has colors of blue with important information from a graph that easily showcases the issue that childcare prices are rising. For this TikTok, the main goal is to get the ideal across quickly, and hope that it will lead them to more information – in our video, the blog post. The TikTok is only 18 seconds long, with a copyright-free audio track in the background, so we would have no issues with this being shared more.
For the final medium, the billboard, the design decisions take inspiration from billboards of the past with graphs and easily readable text from any distance to get an idea of our call to action at a single glance. Our viewer, in this instance, may only be able to share a single second of their time to view our “ad”. We need to make sure that in that second, they get the goal, they get who is posting this message, and why it is important. For this, we have “POLICY” which gets a huge message across already, “JLeeperBU”, in the corner, which gives off who is sending this message, and the word “COSTS” in the title, so the viewer knows it is important.
